PaloAltoNetworks Device Security (SCM) Content Pack (#44866)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_DeviceSecurity/Scripts/device_security_alert_post_processing/README.md

Resolves the alert in the Device Security portal via the API. Designed to run as a post-processing script.

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | device security, post-processing |
| Cortex XSOAR Version | 6.10.0 |

## Inputs

---

| **Argument Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |

> | close_reason | The reason the alert was closed \(either 'Resolved' or 'No Action Needed'\). |

Author: yes, removed the backslashes

> Device Security alert post processing script to resolve the alert in Device Security portal using API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolves the alert in the Device Security portal via the API. Designed to run as a post-processing script.
```

Author: yes, updated it
